Hello, everyone.
Welcome to Spot.
So.
Here.
I have this cool problem for you.
And by solving this problem, by looking at our approach to it, and we'll realize that not all problems
are solvable from bottom up approach as well as a top down approach.
So basically the differences between backward and forward to be willing to stand by after solving this
problem because okay, let's resolve this.
It's worth trying to stand this problem and then we'll solve it also.
And after that, we will see why we can't use both.
So it will be a long lecture and.
Firstly this page, and here you are.
You have very classical and important problems of what?
What would I suggested after you complete the course you had on the board to read or to the classical
section, and then the dynamic programming hashtag just added there there's an option, and after that
you will see all good classical programming problems in front of you, right?
And after when you've been finished with the course and then you will read the problem statement from
SPI, then you will correctly realize that this problem is from which part of D, b, and then you can
easily apply, right?
So we have seen lots of problems, optimization problem, combinatorial problems.
When you do re multidimensional, these graphs mask s with lots of rate.
So you can try all the problems in this.
Yeah, let's move forward.
It says, in my opinion, we have a very strange monetary system.
Each gold coin has an ingredient and member on it.
A coin.
And can we exchange into a bang into three coins?
And by doing by three and before.
But these numbers are all rounded.
Don't.
Okay.
The banks have to make a profit.
You can also sell the coins for American dollars and the exchange rate is one ratio.
And okay, basically what you cannot buy by lending gold coins.
Okay, I can buy it.
Do you have one gold going?
And what is the maximum amount of American dollars you can get for it?
Nice.
Basically I have a gold coin and it has some number written on it.
For example, 12.
How many American dollars can I get for it and what other options that I have?
A coin and can be exchanged in a bang into three coins.
And by two and by three.
And then by four.
Eight.
So.
What example if I have this coin?
Well, it can be exchanged into three coins.
The first is and they do six.
If I give him a 12 coin he can give me, he will give me a six coin and batteries for coin and my four
is a three going eight.
So what is six plus?
Now.
I have.
Okay.
It's.
Yeah.
Let's say you do.
Let's ever tell dollars going 12.
Reign of gold where I go to bang, I say, Give me and my two.
You mean by three?
Because I'm exchanging it date.
Give me an before in place of it.
What will I get from and why do I hear you?
Give me a six goin then.
From in my get a foregoing and from above where I look at a tree going right now, what I can do is
instead of dividing sticks into in between three and four, what I can do is I can directly ask for
this, which is one ratio of one off.
The American states obviously have two options.
Other bigger coin.
You are in the three coins or what I can do is.
The second option is to stick to a lawless anarchy within the exchange rate of bond issuance.
So I just have to figure out, which gives me the better part.
So some of you might be wondering that, of course, and this is one level down that is both exchange
the going and see if the values are more or not.
So here what we can see that X plus four plus three is 13.
So basically, what does it mean?
I hope I did them because I can.
Yeah, I can.
So now extend this fine of six by $6 made similarly forward by $4 entry but $3 eight because whatever
is applicable to drill is also being able to six rate in six.
Also, what I could have done is I could have divided the six into four other parts.
That is six by two, six by six by three and six by four, which is one.
So as you can see here, that.
All the numbers are rounded down.
This is important.
Okay, so what is 6826 bird with three.
But what is six by three.
It is two and six before it becomes 1.2.
Right.
1.5.
But it won't be 1.5 will be rounded out to it.
So four, six.
What I could have done is adder but $6 statically by having one ratio of one conversion rate.
Or I could have asked for the best price of three as for the best face of two and asked for the best
price of one eight.
So whatever their best price is, what I could have added and checked whether making the $6 is better
or going with the best prices of 3 to 1 was better.
Similarly, it is also applicable for four.
Also applicable for three.
I hope you can see this.
Why is it in our dynamic programming problem?
Because if I were going, I do not know that whether if I divided into three parts, would that give
me a better amount?
Or if I directly ask for one ratio of an exchange, that would give me a better more.
They'd.
Oh, cool.
So let's I hope we understood that it's very easy and let's go do this.
But before that, I just want you to highlight.
I want you to know this.
It is.
This part zero and.
That means and is less than equal to 29 and to the power nine eight.
And what could have been a record evolution in this?
And by reaching this part of the course, you can easily, easily figure out that because the relation
rate, which is nothing but F of x is equal to.
A perfect way to.
Less X by.
Be less f of x be.
Or that I'll take this or I'll simply gigs, which is the one ratio of an exchange rate.
Whatever it is, a maximum of these two.
I will take the bait.
Just give me a sec.
I hope that's clear.
Eight.
So this is a normal reconciliation board game.
The best case if X is equal to zero standard in zero eight or if X is equal to 101, whatever you want,
the base case can be set.
And.
The problem arises when and is equal to one in nine eight think.
Now the main purpose of this problem was not the dynamic programming solution was about discussing the
differences in a bottom up approach and a top down approach and which approach should be used in this
debate.
So you understand it looks good both the approaches and then will realize that BI is one of the approaches
not working as we wanted to take the.
Yeah.
Let me quickly.
Part of the approaches, but it is relevant to.
Well, too.
Okay.
So then put in Buddhism.
Each desk is a single line.
Okay.
Or each disc is out with a single line.
It does not told us that.
When will input in.
So how do we deal with these same these type of inputs or will simply do will say in.
And I simply say vile and minus me.
But I'll be in.
That means this CNN will just returned me whether I have gotten input or not.
It will say that there is no input.
Then it will break the loop.
So let me show you.
Yeah.
I've just restarted the laptop, so it should.
It will take the time for steam.
Electability again.
Yeah, well, as you can see, 12 is there.
Two is there.
But when for the next time there is no input.
So the value breaks.
So this is another way of thinking.
Taking these types of inputs.
It.
Now.
Yeah.
Let's not.
This is the forward.
Yeah.
This is the backward approach.
Right.
Or let's say them top down or bottom up.
So this is a bottom up approach that I'll be quoting here.
And it's just nothing very simple that is at stake in every often.
So tell me, guys, what will be the best answer for zero or one?
It will be for zero zero because I cannot divided the value of zero is always zero and the value of
one will be one.
No.
Even if we are divided by two, three and four, it will give me 000.
And if I do have one ratio of $1 exchange rate, it will give me one eight.
What I simply say it's this area between plus one.
All this goes from to and it's feeling deep zero.
It goes to the NDP.
One wants to win.
I hope this is fine.
They let it start from deep too.
And which is deep is nothing but mix of II, which is one issue, an exchange rate or API.
Where to?
API three.
BP, eBay.
Or.
And the sum of all these eight, it means what's the best way?
If I have these gold coins by two.
By three by four.
I hope you're able to understand this.
And finally, what I do, I'll simply say c o dp or DP and.
And let's see.
Maximum of.
Okay, so what I think is that initially.
Okay.
There's something that I'm missing and sitting in.
It.
Let me.
It's zero.
It pays max off this.
Okay.
So it will go less than equal to n I'm sorry, it was going to be less than and it was not filling the
end well value.
That you would.
But here I have to play Cueto and then it will get greedy.
Otherwise, it will give garbage values that we can see.
Simple that for 12 year 13 and four two, we have to just think about the case when and will be equal
to one inning.
Oof and is equal to one in eight days stink.
Will this work?
Can we initialize this bigger in this tag memory or not even in the heap memory rate?
Can we do this?
NARRATOR.
We have got their relation but we do not know how to call it.
Then we won't be able to summon the solution and get a correct answer for this and get point.
The bottom up approach will not work for this solution, and I will give you a reason why.
So this is a bottom up approach.
Well, and let me quickly comment about.
Well.
So this is a bottom up approach and this will not work.
Let's see why.
Because if we have the land which is so huge, then we cannot make an edit of.
Vigeland three.
But then you might be wondering then how will we how will we figure out that?
What are the values then?
How will we figure out the answer for such big numbers?
Okay, just think about this.
Just think about if the number is okay.
Let's say the numbers.
Well, I'm just giving you an example.
What?
All combinations will be good.
Let's see who.
And between six and by three is four.
And by what is the eight?
The can combination can be days combinations two and better is three and better is two.
And in before this one eight.
Similarly for three, we will have.
Recombination, which is an arbitrary is one and by who is also one and by what will be zero eight.
And for this also for this also visual will as any going to do and for forward will have all will have
and battery is one and before it is one and ember two is two.
Well, for this tree will have 1108.
So here you can see.
Is it.
You'll find the answer for it, will.
Do I need to deep value of 11?
Do I need to develop an.
Are those my possible states here?
This deal directly starts from anywhere to.
Eight.
That means the numbers between and by to win.
We are in, but it is not included and any alternative.
All these numbers are not needed.
But what we bottom up debate do?
What does bottom up do?
We do?
It just calculates whatever I applied in the loop.
If I have applied to the end, it will be cleared for all this date from two to in.
Although, as my final answer is deep in and I do not need all the states that you have already seen
here.
Right.
You find out the answer for 12.
I do not need 11 or I do not need ten, nine, eight, seven.
I don't need these numbers.
And believe me or not, these are my two numbers.
Just imagine if and is.
Ended about nine and May two will be 580 about.
So the numbers between five and do tend to deteriorate less one l than the debate over nine minus one.
I don't need all these states at any moment in time.
Right.
I don't I don't want to get any answer for these.
And how many are these between them?
They will be approximately 528 states.
It.
I hope you are getting this point at.
We don't need all the states in calculating the answer for the final state aid.
So that's what I wanted to see.
Yeah.
So we can't.
So that's the name of it.
It is bottom up or it is backward induction.
Right.
We are moving from bag and we are going forward.
It means we do not know whether forward it forward needs it or not.
We are just saying you'll find me the answer.
Go look back, find me the answer and give me and stored.
It doesn't matter.
I need it or not.
But as you have seen.
I don't need that many states who will go.
Let's make some small tree for this.
It just ended about nine.
So it is 502 about it pretty well before.
What will it give 200 something in return to power.
It.
Okay.
Let's do one thing.
Let's.
Make.
It could give us these values.
So.
Let's the.
All this, and instead of calling DP the fat boss and do it virtually done it certainly smacks of.
BP.
And where to.
There's a B and three less DP and four comma and it'll turn it on me.
This rate.
And what's the best case, if any?
Close to zero or any good to one.
In short event, is less than equal to one standard in.
And.
Always.
So I have not memories that I know, but I will memories it.
I just want to know what what all values of and are needed.
In figuring it answer rate so quickly.
Let me put this.
I would be.
So whenever this debate is called, we can see the answer is 13.
But before this, see the states.
That would call it.
So we don't see this ten, 11 or nine, eight or seven.
We also don't see five, eight.
Similarly, there'll be many of the gaps if the number of a number was huge.
So let's talk about 120.
But as you can see, there are not much states that we need in 2011.
Okay, let's do one thing.
Let's count the number of states that are needed.
I hope it will make things clear.
Utility count plus.
Plus.
Let's dig in the variable called bound states with zero.
When you will call this filmmaker zero and will simply print out the count as well.
To repeat, the answer is 140 for 120.
But see how many states are being called?
Only seven.
8 to 76 times the coalition is being called.
It doesn't mean that there are 76 states because.
And can we be right?
We have seen that treating so many times.
You can go many times.
You can come many times foregoing community aid.
So what is the best way in which I can see this?
Let me give you the B, I'm slightly deviating from the solution, but there's one thing that I want
to show to you.
And that will help you.
But what I'm doing.
I'm doing a map.
I'm mapping things.
And here I simply write ambulances in this.
Right before 120.
I just used 14 states for two.
I will use less than 14 states equally, he added.
Or do I just use one state?
Right.
And for let's say.
Okay.
So far, well, thousand.
There are only 50 distinct states that I'm using.
I hope you're getting this for Android Auto.
Only 50 listing states.
Even I can bring them if I want.
I can simply print the whole map and I can see that which state is being called?
How many times?
So as you can see there, not much students have been called over here.
What is the best way if not all of them are called by?
I don't need to fill all deliberate.
I don't need to go bottom up here.
I need to do it.
But our top down is kind of, we can say artificially intelligent.
It will only call those deep states which are needed.
Eight.
So this is the best part of top down.
It will only call those states which are needed.
So here it is a forward p here.
I know that what I need and I will only asked him to calculate those t eight and how can I memorize?
It goes very simple.
So as you can see, I have to the power of nine.
Values, right?
There are two ways in which I can name wizard.
The first is very simple.
You buy map eight and.
Visitors will.
And don't.
Yeah, and don't clear the map because there are certain test cases in this.
But let's see if I was able to find out the value of Ippy then.
Then the next case.
Also my trade.
And if when it hit, I simply did in the value from the average.
Well.
So here what I'll do.
I simply say that MP and equates to something.
I it right and before this what I'll do is if embittered contain handwritten MP.
Well, that means if map contains n then simply return it.
Otherwise, if it does not contain bounded spirit and its so input.
So in this way, what we can do is no matter how many states are being formed because we have seen for
12,000, only 50 states were called.
Just imagine what will happen if the number is one in nine.
There will be very little number of states that will be formed and and the daubed daubed on the base
going only all those places and I'll simply memorize it.
So some of you might be wondering why I took my job in my northern area of particular land.
So, as you all know, I cannot.
Memories of any name.
Kind of numbers, such huge numbers in the area because it is limited.
But yes, there's a second approach to this problem, and that is what I can do is I have seen that
we are always moving by to do it with three or four and then we'll again move divided by two divided
by three divided by four.
So what I can do is I can take an adequate memo of Land 26.
And I can simply memorize the numbers if there are less than equal to one in six, if they go beyond
that above only six.
I don't need to memorize because there'd be very few numbers because we are jumping by to always rate.
So if we start jumping by two, then we can easily see that we'll reach a number less than one in six.
In like two three steps only be four steps and not not much.
Well.
So this is a second approach with lacking approach of memorization, but I would always prefer map.
It doesn't take much time.
And if you want, even if you wanted to perform in all one memorization, then you can simply make it
an ordered map.
I'd.
Well.
So this is a very simple working solution.
So in this I'll simply write down.
I've.
So top down.
I always prefer top down whenever I try to call it a deep problem because up top down is intelligent.
We have seen it right now is the proof rate.
It will only call those states, but it will not fill the table uselessly.
It will not fill in error uselessly.
And also, if it only calls some particular states, it is saving.
My time as a light is not taking all the time in the world to calculate all the states which I don't
need.
And the sacredness of the.
The recursive thing in dynamic programming can easily be understood by using a recursion, by using
some recursion, and then memorizing it.
So I can easily write a recording for an enemy program problem.
And writing a bottom up record is kind of a little tricky for me as of late, because in there we just
use some loops that we can only use, some for loops and other things.
We have to take care of many things in bottom up approach.
Many things, as in like indexing goes out of bound sometimes index goes negative, all those things,
right?
And for loops.
So this is very easy.
Just pass whatever you want to pass.
Write recursive solution and memorize it.
I hope you got this.
The difference between top down and bottom up.
And soon the next part.